[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna take a look at the 2011
alien invasion movie attack the block
a very well-done low-budget horror film
let's get to it we open on a shooting
star masked in the night sky by
fireworks as it aims to touch down in
this unmarked urban area that I'm going
to assume is somewhere in South Dakota
we follow Sam on the way home from the
greengrocer when she runs across some
young thugs on bikes the second-most
nerving means of personal transport
after Healy's they're in the process of
relieving her of her valuables when the
aforementioned star makes touchdown Sam
immediately runs off Laura and the
leader of the group Moses looks for a
pen to leave a note he is unexpectedly
attacked by an unknown creature that
then runs off and despite his clear need
for neosporin he opts to pursue the
creature they track it to a small shack
where they set off some bangers and then
all run in to get their licks they
manage to kill it and then engage in
some sort of ritualistic dance as the
camera pans up and we see their tiny
suburb is about to be peppered with
companions we return to Sam who takes up
residence on the block she's comforted
by a kindly neighbor and they discussed
how busy the police tend to be on
Devil's Night but go ahead and call them
nonetheless the boys arrive shortly
thereafter since they live in the same
building they show off their prize to
impress their lady friends I don't know
but I think it's working
they then head upstairs while we see Sam
giving their description to police the
boys chill out at the weed spot with Ron
and Brewis who stare at the carcass no
pine on its otherworldly origin
convinced they have an alien they
quickly work to ascertain the best means
of handling it although scientists
people not but wouldn't meet your things
while they work on this Moses asks if he
can keep it in the weed room Ron only
being an employee takes him to get
approval from the boss I have I had
agrees and also puts Moses on bail a
well-deserved promotion as they all
celebrate Moses makes an observation
overcome with adolescent excitement they
all tool up to do some alien killing
however when they arrive at the
smoldering wreckage they notice it's
adorned with ominous iconography a noise
from the playground attracts their
attention and Dennis's dog runs off to
vanquish the Beast unfortunately he is
descended upon the boys can barely see
it approaching them in the shadows until
they notice the glow of its eyes no show
them things his eyes
and he's right there plans quickly
changes their original intent to chase
turns into some kind of strange reverse
chase they are interrupted momentarily
by the police who managed to nab Moses
while the gang watches from above
Moses notices the bear dogs closing in
and requests a quick incarceration Sam
who's driving for some reason also
notices something odd but it's too late
to do anything about it as the officer
makes the mistake of bringing a baton to
a bear fight the boys set off a
distraction while Denis honors in memory
of his family pet he secures a police
van releases Moses and they take off for
the underground garage in their haste
they have an unfortunate confrontation
they recommend Sam skedaddle before
stepping up to high-hat pest pleads
their case but their rep party is
interrupted by a noise
it's investigated under duress by Tonks
but he doesn't really put his heart into
it they regroup and try to come up with
a new plan at this point their desire is
to lay low until things blow over but
they have to get back in order to do
this on the way they quickly attract
attention and end up splitting off BIG's
lives his parkour dream but eventually
ends up in a bin the others make it back
indoors essentially unscathed poor
partially scathed sam reaches her own
door right as the youths come around the
corner they forced their way in and
attempt to find some common ground by
acknowledging their previous errors we
find the teens have the limited cellular
access due to having prepaid phones pest
is administered medical aid and bears it
with a serene stoicism they're
interrupted by a noise as an alien finds
them and lets himself in Moses steps up
and neutralizes the threat allowing us
to get our first close view of the
creature which reveals an ingenious
design that allows the filmmakers to
cover any constraints to their low
budget that's be lifted my cousin Femmes
sam ultimately decides to stick with the
boys for safety and on ground level we
witnessed the chaos as high-hat meets up
with some of his crew inside the youths
are heading to Tia's flat because it has
a security gate they run across none
other than the infamous props and mayhem
acquiring a strap for a future use in
dispensing some sage advice go home
what's the route oh you know if they
Naruto ran directly at the aliens at the
flat dimples makes the most level-headed
decision ever
they got weapons I don't even know that
woman I'm not getting myself involved in
a situation I don't need to be in but
it's not her flat so they're allowed in
anyway
Dennis lays out why they're on their own
for murder of two police officers
vehicle theft resisting arrest which
they barely get through before Tia makes
a discovery and it's of the problematic
variety Dennis finds his courage only to
find out that the gun was a fake and
then we get our first real dose of
consequence as the aliens pop his head
like a grape
Tia gives it the old zappity do and then
the girls wild out on the Beast while
moses finds himself in a vulnerable
position but gets an assist from sam
realizing the boys only bring trouble
Tia dimples and the crew run off
high-hat finally catches up with them
but their reunion is delayed and they
end up taking the elevator down with an
alien only high-hat makes it out the
next lifts over we find our group
heading to the weed room for safety they
set off some fireworks for a distraction
and make their way slowly down the hall
unfortunately Jerome is disoriented in
the smoke and gets dragged off the
others make it to Ron's but are not
warmly greeted they try to negotiate a
truce in the face of a common enemy
but high-hat refuses in being too smart
for the old watch behind you trick he's
quickly consumed afterward under the UV
light of the weed room they noticed that
Moses has jizz all over him it's
probably pheromones some confirm
yeah recognizing that he has been
responsible for everything bad that's
happened that evening he resolves to
risk his own life to destroy the alien
brood
while they get ready we watch props and
mayhem earn their nicknames by saving
bigs then we're right back upstairs
where a clean sam sneaks out to set the
stage getting some insight into Moses's
home life closing off the kitchen and
cranking the gas Moses gets psyched up
listens to some eye of the tiger most
likely and takes off for an epic final
sequence in which after hopping over
aliens on his way down at the room he
then slow-mo runs down a hallway with
aliens at his heels he gets to his flat
tosses the carcass and lights up the
joint when the smoke clears the crowd
below finds him hanging from a flag he
and the others are arrested but as
they're being carted off we see sam is
vouching for them and that they're being
transported amidst a crowd chanting his
name
and that was attack the block there's
been a lot of good indie horror recently
but this one never got talked about
enough it's far and away better than
most horror films since last 5 to 10
years and I recommend you make the
effort to find it and watch it in the
meantime I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing I
hope you enjoy the video and thanks for
watching